A1: There is a steep cliff to the North.  The forest spreads to the South and East
A2: To the West the forest becomes impenetrable
A3: To the West the forest becomes impenetrable 
A4: You are in the forest.  To the South you can see a nest
A5: You are at a dinosaur nest - is there something guarding it?
A6: You are in the forest.  To the North the undergrowth has been disturbed
A7: To the West the forest becomes impenetrable
A8: To the West the forest becomes impenetrable
A9: To the West the forest becomes impenetrable
A10: To the South the forest parts in a deep chasm

B1: There is a steep cliff to the North.  The forest spreads to the South, East and West
B2: You are in the forest.  To the North East there seems to be a mound of earth amongst the trees
B3: The forest stretches in all directions
B4: You are in the forest.  To the South West you can see some disturbed vegetation through the trees
B5: You are in the forest.  To the West, vegetation has been uprooted and piled up
B6: You are in the forest.  To the North West there seems to be some sort of a mound
B7: The forest stretches in all directions
B8: To the South East the forest seems sparser
B9: You are in the forest.  It stretches in all directions
B10: You are at the edge of the forest.  There is an impassable gorge to the South

C1: You are at a dinosaur nest.  It could be guarded.  There is a steep cliff to the North.  The forest spreads to the South, East and West
C2: You are in the forest.  To the North there is a pile of vegetation
C3: You are in the forest.  The forest seems thinner to the South East
C4: You are in the forest.  It seems to be lighter to the East
C5: You are in the forest.  The trees seem to thin to the East
C6: You are in the forest, but it seems thinner to the East
C7: You are in the forest.  It seems lighter towards the East
C8: You are in the forest.  To the South, it begins to thin out
C9: You are at the edge of the forest.  You can see the plains stretching South
C10: You are on the plains.  A gorge runs East into the forest to West as far as you can see - there's no way you can cross it. 

D1: You are in the forest.  There is a steep cliff to the North.  The forest spreads to the South, East and West. Looking South East, there is a lot more light
D2: You are in the forest.  To the East, it begins to thin out
D3: You are in the forest.  To the East and South, it begins to thin out. Looking South East, there is a lot more light
D4: You are at the edge of the forest.  To the East and South East, plains spread out, with sparse trees
D5: You are at the edge of the forest.  To the East, North East and South East, plains spread out, with occasional trees
D6: You are at the edge of the forest.  To the East, North East and South East, plains spread out, with occasional trees
D7: You are at the edge of the forest.   To the East, plains spread out, but to the South you can see a mound of earth
D8: You are at a dinosaur nest - is anything guarding it?
D9: To the South and East, sparsely forested plains stretch away, but to the North you can see a mound of earth
D10: You are on the plains.  A gorge runs East to West as far as you can see - there's no way you can cross it

E1: You are in the forest.  There is a steep cliff to the North.  The forest spreads to the South and West.  To the East there is a bit more sunlight
E2: You are at the edge of the forest. The plains stretch out to the East and South East, and the forest on all other sides
E3: You are at the edge of the forest.  The plains stretch out to the East with the forest to the West
E4: You are on the plains. They stretch out to the South and East with forest to the West and North
E5: You are on the plains which stretch out to the East and in the far distance you can make out a river
E6: You are on the plains. They stretch out to the East and in the far distance a river meanders over the flood plain
E7: You are on the plains which stretch out to the East and in the far distance you can make out a meandering river
E8: You are on the plains. They stretch out to the East and in the far distance you can make out a river
E9: You are on the plains. There is forest to your north and west
E10: You are on the plains. A gorge runs East to West as far as you can see - there's no way you can cross it

F1: You are at the edge of the forest.  There is a cliff to the North, and forest to the West.  The plains stretch out to the South and East
F2: You are on the plains.  It seems sandier to the East
F3: You are on the plains.  It seems sandier to the East 
F4: You are on the plains.  It seems sandier to the East
F5: You are on the plains.  East, the river meanders across the flood plain
F6: You are on the plains.  You are close to the river, you can hear it to the East
F7: You are on the plains.  East, the river meanders across the flood plain
F8: You are on the plains.  You are close to the river, you can hear it to the East
F9: You are on the plains.  East, the river meanders across the flood plain
F10: You are on the plains.  You can hear what must be a very large waterfall to the East, gushing into the deep gorge running East to West just South of you

G1: You are standing on a patch of sandy ground. To your West, the forest spreads up the hillside.  The ground is damp here as there is an underground spring welling up.  There is a strong smell of meat coming from the East - is this food or danger?  
G2: You are standing on a patch of sandy ground. It is damp and rather soft here, with trickles of water beginning to join up to the South East.  You can smell meat to the East - is this your next meal or could it mean danger?
G3: There are no plants at all here, and the ground is a bit soft, sandy and damp.  Water appears to be coming up from the ground to the East and flowing South.  You can smell a dead animal to the east too - good food or should you be wary?
G4: You are standing on a patch of sandy ground. It is becoming very spongy and wet.  To the South East there is the beginnings of a river, and from the North East you can smell the inviting smell of a dead animal  Is this food or danger?
G5: You are standing on the bank of a river.  On the other side, the plains spread East, but are you big enough to cross safely?
G6: You are standing on a bank.  On the other side of the river, the plains spread East.  Can you cross safely?
G7: You are standing on a river bank.  On the other side, the plains spread East.  Only a large animal could cross
G8: You are standing on the bank of a river.  In the distance, the plains spread East.  The river is flowing strongly
G9: You are standing beside a large river.  On the other side, the plains spread East
G10: You are standing on the bank of a strong river.  On the other side, the plains spread East.  There is a thundering waterfall to the South East

H1: The ground is really soft, sandy and covered with a few tiny criss-crossing streams.  To the South you can smell carrion - good food or should you be wary?
H2: The ground is sandy and covered with a few tiny criss-crossing streams.  There is a dead <I>Stegosaurus</I> here, stuck in the quicksand.  An easy meal - or not?
H3: The ground is sandy, very soft and covered with a few tiny criss-crossing streams.  You can smell a dead animal to the North - could this be your next meal?
H4: The ground is sandy and covered with a few tiny criss-crossing streams.  To the South, the streams join an underground spring to produce a fairly large river meandering South into the distance
H5: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  The river is quite narrow here, and you are big enough to wade across it quickly
H6: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  The river is quite wide, but you are big enough to make it across it quickly
H7: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  The river is quite wide, but you are big enough to wade across it quickly
H8: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  The river is wide, but you are big enough to make it across it quickly
H9: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  The river is wide, but you are big enough to swim across it quickly
H10: The river blocks your path.  On the other side you can see the plains streching out.  You see a suitable place to cross and take a few steps into the river....  To your South there is a very high waterfall preventing you from swimming any further down the river.  You can just about make it across if you are quick

I1: You are standing on a patch of sandy ground.  It is damp here - there is an underground spring welling up.  There is a strong smell of meat coming from the West - is this food or danger?
I2: You are standing on a patch of sandy ground.  The sand is damp and rather soft here, with trickles of water beginning to join up to the Southwest.  You can smell meat to the West - is this your next meal or could it mean danger?
I3: There are no plants at all here, and the sandy ground is a bit soft and damp.  Water appears to be coming up from the ground to the West and flowing South.  You can smell a dead animal to the West too - good food or should you be wary?
I4: The sandy ground here is becoming very spongy and wet.  To the South West there is the beginnings of a river, and from the North West you can smell the inviting smell of a dead animal.  Is this food or danger?
I5: You are standing on the bank of a river. The plains spread to the East and, over the river, to the West.  South there seems to be a patch of disturbed sand
I6: You are standing on a river bank.  There is a patch of disturbed sand surrounded by broken eggshells.  It must be a crocodile nest that has either hatched or already been raided by something else
I7: You are standing beside a river.  Can you cross safely to the West?  To the East are plains
I8: You are standing on the bank of a river.  On the West side you can see trees in the distance.  To the East are plains
I9: You are standing on the bank of a river beside a large river.  To the East are plains, to the West is the river
I10: You are standing on the bank of a river beside a surging river.  There is a thundering waterfall to the South West and to the East are plains

J1: You are on the plains.  They stretch endlessly to the South and East, whilst to the West there is forest in the far distance and to the North, a steep cliff
J2: You are on the plains.  They stretch endlessly to the North, South and East whilst to the West there is forest in the far distance
J3: You are on the plains.  They stretch endlessly to the North, South and East whilst to the West there is forest in the far distance
J4: You are on the plains.  They stretch endlessly to the North, South and East whilst to the West there is forest in the far distance
J5: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river, and South West there seems to be some disturbed sand
J6: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river, and on the bank there seems to be a mound of dug-up sand
J7: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river, and North West there seems to be some disturbed sand
J8: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river, and to the east there seems to be the mirage of a desert
J9: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river
J10: You are on the plains.  They stretch in all directions, but to the West you can see a river, and South is a deep, impassable gorge

K1: You are on the plains.  To the East the ground shows the marks of herds of sauropods, which must migrate through the area
K2: You are on the plains.  To the East the ground shows the marks of herds of sauropods, which must migrate through the area
K3: You are on the plains.  To the North East the ground shows the marks of herds of sauropods, which must migrate through the area
K4: You are on the plains.  They seem to stretch in every direction
K5: You are on the plains.  To the South East the plains give way to desert
K6: You are on the plains.  To the East they give way to desert
K7: You are on the plains.  To the East they become to desert
K8: You are on the plains.  To the East they give way to desert
K9: You are on the plains.  To the North East they give way to desert
K10: You are on the plains.  They seem to stretch in every direction, except to the South where there is an impassable gorge

L1: The ground here shows the tell-tale marks of a sauropod herd migration.  This could be a chance to hunt
L2: The ground here shows the tell-tale marks of a sauropod herd migration.  This could be a chance to hunt
L3: You are on the plains which seem to spread out in all directions.  To the North, though, the ground shows the prints of herds of sauropods.  They must migrate past this way.
L4: You are on the plains.  To the South East they give way to pure desert
L5: To the South and East the plains give way to pure desert
L6: You are in the desert which stretches out to the South and East
L7: You are in the desert.  It gives way to plains to the West, but in every other direction is desert
L8: You are in the desert which gives way to plains to the West, but every other direction is desert
L9: You are on the plains.  They open out into desert to the North and East.
L10: You are on the plains.  To the South is a deep gorge, but to the North East the plains become pure desert

M1: The ground here shows the tell-tale marks of a sauropod herd migration.  This could be a chance to hunt
M2: The ground here shows the tell-tale marks of a sauropod herd migration.  This could be a chance to hunt
M3: You are on the plains which seem to spread out in all directions.  To the North, though, the ground shows the prints of herds of sauropods.  They must migrate past this way.
M4: You are on the plains.  To the South, it becomes desert
M5: You are in the desert.  It stretches to the South and East, and plains to the North and West
M6: You are in the desert.  To the South East something glimmers
M7: You are in the desert.  To the East you can see water
M8: You are in the desert.  To the East you can see water
M9: You are in the desert.  To the North East something glimmers
M10: You are on the plains.  To the North and East is desert, and to the South is a deep, impassable gorge

N1: You are on the plains which seem to spread out in all directions except to the North, where there is a steep cliff.  To the East, though, the ground shows the prints of herds of sauropods.  They must migrate past this way.
N2: You are on the plains which seem to spread out in all directions.  To the East, though, the ground shows the prints of herds of sauropods.  They must migrate past this way.
N3: You are on the plains.  To the North West the ground shows the marks of herds of sauropods, which must migrate through the area
N4: You are on the plains.  To the South the plains become just desert
N5: You are in the desert.  The desert stretches in all directions to the South, but turns into plains to the North
N6: You are in the desert.  There is a glimmer of water to the South
N7: You are at an oasis in the desert which has attracted lots of other animals
N8: You are at an oasis in the desert.  Other animals have been attracted by the water in this patch of desert
N9: You are in the desert.  There is a glimmer of water to the North
N10: You are in the desert.  It continues in all directions, but to the South is a deep, impassable gorge

O1: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction except to the North, where there is a steep cliff
O2: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction
O3: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction
O4: You are on the plains.  They give way to desert to the South
O5: You are in the desert and there is desert all round except to the North, where it becomes open plains
O6: You are in the desert.  To the South you can see water
O7: You are at an oasis in the desert.  Other animals have been attracted by the water in this patch of desert
O8: You are at an oasis in the desert.  There are lots of other animals close by, attracted by this little patch of water
O9: You are in the desert.  To the North you can see water
O10: You are in the desert.  It continues in all directions, but to the South is a deep, impassable gorge

P1: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction except to the North, where there is a steep cliff
P2: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction
P3: You are on the plains which stretch in every direction
P4: You are on the plains.  They give way to desert to the South
P5: You are in the desert which continues to the South and East, but to the North and West are plains
P6: You are in the desert.  It stretches all round, but to the South West there is the glint of sun on water
P7: You are in the desert.  To the West is the only feature - a glimmer of water
P8: You are in the desert.  To the West there seems to be some water, but all around is desert
P9: You are in the desert.  North West there is the glimmer of sun on water, but otherwise the desert stretches in all directions
P10: You are in the desert.  I continues in all directions, but to the South is a deep, impassable gorge

Q1: You are on the plains.  To the North there is a steep cliff and to the East is a never-ending impassable desert
Q2: You are on the plains.  To the East they turn to impassable desert
Q3: You are on the plains.  To the East they become impassable desert
Q4: You are on the plains.  To the East is impassable desert
Q5: You are on the plains.  To the West the plains turn to desert, and East there is a never-ending impassable desert
Q6: You are in the desert, which continues to the East as far as the eye can see
Q7: You are in the desert and it continues to the East as far as the eye can see
Q8: You are in the desert.  It continues to the East as far as the eye can see
Q9: You are in the desert.  It continues to the East as far as the eye can see
Q10: You are in the desert which continues to the East as far as the eye can see and to the South is a deep gorge
